wickets in the morning feeling like see
Weiser she's a stage of mouth but door
I'm gonna hit like a sniper as a lead I
ignore creepy words from weight cuz here
comes Joey huh um
oh cool your luck dragon functions are
cool but like window is nicer two altars
here we come comes this super street
fighter I'm talking abutting on Fiat
Rose throws you plays all his shows
shows W pros up his throws go I'm gonna
finish done son we're having fun fun if
I can rival shun shot
Yelp's me up I have blood grounds my HP
is down yeah you got me
sure you can you got me now
kick jolnir of black yeah you got me up
I run around
sure you can got me now I will have my
revenge party don't start with self
inshallah engine
you
surprise eggs
fucking did it